
Since the discoutinuous of the solution and the complexity of the moving interface, 
building a scientific simulation environment for moving interface problem is
a very  complicated task. 

We have developed a simple and efficent interface-fitted mesh algorithm  which
can produce a semi-unstructured interface-fitted mesh in two and three
dimensions quickly. Elements in such interface-fitted meshes are not restricted
to simplices but can be polygons or polyhedra.  We believe that this new 
interface-fitted mesh generation algorithm offers new possibilities for developing 
more efficient and robust code for solving moving interface problems.  And we have implemented
this algorithm  based on the MATLAB package iFEM [1].


As a intepreted languange and commercial software,  MATLAB is not a suitable
choice for HPC (High Performance Computing). 

In this project, we plan to develop a parallel C++ package which supports solving moving
interface problem. We will name it as MISEFEM (Moving Interface Simulation
Envirenment based on FEM). MISEFEM will provide free, open, and efficient finite
element code to engineers, students and academics working in the sicentific
simulation on moving interface problem.


To more easyily handle polygons and polyhedral meshes, we will develop MISEFEM
based on MOAB [2] (The Mesh-Oriented datABase), which is one tool of the SIGMA
(Scalable Interfaces for Geometry and Mesh based Applications,
http://press3.mcs.anl.gov/sigma/)  developed by Argonne National Laboratory.
MOAB is a library for representing unstructured and structured mesh, and field
data on a mesh. MOAB represents the finite element zoo, plus polygons and
polyhedra.  MOABs data model is simple yet powerful, being able to represent
most kinds of metadata often accompanying the mesh (e.g. boundary conditions,
processor partitions, geometric topology). So MOAB is a great place to start
our package.

This package will supports MPI-based parallelism throughout the library,
and can readily be used as a scalable unstructured finite element problem
generator. Algebra is building on top of PETSc and geometry description on top
of MoAB, both implementations are tailored for massive parallel calculations.

This package will contain the following features 

*  The quadtree and octree adaptive refinement
*  Interface-fitted mesh generator in 2D and 3D
*  The arbitrary order Vertual Element Method
*  The arbitrary  order Weak Galerkin Method

We have implemented the quadtree and octree adaptive refine algorithm based on
MOAB. 

[1] L. Chen. iFEM: an integrated finite element method package in MATLAB. Technical Report, University of California at Irvine, 2009.
[2] T.J. Tautges,  C. Ernst, C. Stimpson,  R.J. Meyers and K. Merkley,  MOAB :
a mesh-oriented database, Technical Report, Sandia National Laboratories, 2004.




